docs: update text about python requirements (#1441)
Toblerity/Fiona: docs/install.rst

Many users find Anaconda and conda-forge a good way to install Fiona and get
access to more optional format drivers (like GML).

> Fiona requires Python 3.7 or higher and GDAL 3.2 or higher.

Reviewer: @paulschreiber these versions are more accurate.

```suggestion
Fiona 2.0 (in development and unreleased) requires Python 3.8 or higher and GDAL 3.4 or higher.
```

When Fiona 2.0 is released, these will probably become Python 3.10 and GDAL 3.6.
